There's one belief that keeps most
entrepreneurs trapped and unable to
grow. They stay stuck. And when I
started, I made the same mistakes that
everyone makes. So, I used to think no
[music] one can, you know, grow my
business like me. If you want it done
right, you got to do it yourself. No one
can do it like I can do it. Never let
anyone else handle the money, never
outsource sales, never outsource
marketing, never outsource anything.
Right? It's all these different people
who tell me these things. And it's
interesting because they were a little
bit ahead of me in business. I think,
"Oh, they must be right." But they were
just limited business owners like anyone
else. And it wasn't until I broke that
belief or that that system of thinking
that I was able to build real companies,
ones that make money even if I'm not
involved in the money-making. And so, in
this video, I'll show you five steps
that will let you hit your money goals
by building a business that runs without
you, or rather that can create value
without you being required.
Conceptually, this is the big idea. A
business that requires you isn't a
business. And I'm going to say that the
technical sense, anything that generates
a profit with an LLC is a business. But
in terms of the intention of the vast
majority of people who begin a business,
it's for freedom. And then what ends up
happening is that you create more
liabilities, more dependencies. You lose
your optionality. You lose your freedom.
And you have a job you cannot quit.
Tough. What's interesting about this is
that I want to talk about transitioning
this thing from an Iron Man suit where
it just enhances your ability to do but
still requires you to run. Not like the
newer Iron Man suits which didn't
require a person. Let's not get into it.
The businesses are valueless without
you. All right. And if you can get the
Iron Man suit to become upgraded so it
can run and go fight the bad guys or
make the profit without you, then it
becomes something that is inherently
valuable to anyone. And once something
goes from valuable to you to valuable to
anyone, it means it's something that
other people would want to buy. When
it's something that other people want to
buy, it's something that is valuable and
inherently has worth. And so, let me
give you some simple math here. Let's
say you have two businesses. One that
does I'm going to use simple math. You
can remove zeros if it hurts your
eyeballs to think of more zeros. All
right? Let's say you've got a $10
million a year business over here top
line. $10 million business over here
doing top line. So 10 and 10. Okay.
Which business do you want? Well, you
need more information, right? Of course.
Now let's say that both businesses are
10 million top line 2 million bottom
line. $8 million of cost in both. Now
which business do you want? You still
need more information of course. Now
let's say that of this 10 topline, $2
million bottom line businesses. This one
the owner is running 80 hours a week is
c like every day of the week they're
working and is required to work.
different than choosing to work as a
side note, but I won't get into that for
now. The second business, the owner
never is there and just owns it like you
would own a stock on the stock market.
Now, think about which of these business
owners is richer. Now, at the onset,
you'd think, oh, well, they're both the
same topline, both same bottom line. But
the difference is actually very
dramatic. And so, let me explain. So
this guy, first guy, very frustrated
entrepreneur Fred, he makes $2 million a
year and then he pays his 50% taxes and
he makes a million bucks left over. Then
he lives his living expenses, whatever.
Maybe he's got a family. Okay, he takes
home 500,000 he can put away. So he's
getting richer at $500,000 a year
roughly in terms of his net worth.
That's a slow way to accumulate cash.
Now, don't be me wrong, $500,000 is a
lot of money, but I'm just saying big
picture. Now this guy, let's call it, so
we had frustrated Fred and let's call it
wealthy William. M sounds very, you
know, fancy fancy. So this guy has an
entire team that actually runs the
business dayto-day without him. And so
he just owns it like he owns the paper
stock of a company. And his business
right now trades at six times profit,
meaning somebody would be willing to
come in and write him a check for six
times $2 million, which is $12 million.
And so of these two guys, this guy adds
$500,000 to his net worth every year.
This guy has a business that is worth
$12 million. This guy's way richer. But
check this out. Now, let's say that both
of these guys work, you know, figure out
a way to make the business make an extra
$500,000 a year in profit. So, they go
from 2 million to two and a half, 2
million to 2 and a half in profit.
That's what happens here. Now, here's
where it gets extra sexy. This guy,
after he makes his extra extra 500,000,
let's say that he pays 50% taxes and
that $250,000 after taxes goes straight
to him. So, he goes from taking home 500
to 250. He doesn't change his living
styles. All right? So he all the extra
money he's he just he saves. So he
starts making $750,000 in savings per
year. Okay. After taxes. Neat. This guy,
the $500,000 that comes in after taxes,
he gets a 6x multiple on. And so he
actually gets another $3 million added
to his net worth. So his 12 million
becomes 15 million. And this is the game
of wealth. This is how you get wealthy.
It's very very inefficient to become
wealthy off of regular income because
it's taxed to oblivion. You don't get 10
years of work. You get one year divided
by two after taxes. So the difference is
like a 20x difference between a valuable
company that can sell for 10x versus one
that can't. Now hopefully I've sold you
a little bit on the idea of why this is
worth doing. Now let's walk through the
steps of actually doing it. So the first
step of actually taking it from
frustrated Fred to wealthy William is
you do a self-inventory. So what that
means is that you actually list out
everything you do, literally all of it.
All right? And then you turn each of
those checklist items into something
that someone else can do. And you want
to get as granular as humanly possible.
And this is how you get out of the
day-to-day without breaking the machine.
And so I'd say the step even before
this, if you don't even know what you
do, what we have people do is run a time
study. So time study, real simple. You
don't need any like fancy technology for
this. You just take an Excel sheet and
you write times on one side every 15
minutes and you simply put in a timer.
You turn your timer and every 15 minutes
you just know what you did. It's very
simple. Now, some of you might think,
"Wow, I could never that sounds like so
much work. It's like you literally have
a timer and then you write one word down
every 15 minutes." What's crazy about is
it'll be the most productive week of
your life. Every time I do a time study,
I think I should do this every single
week and I don't. But you certainly will
be really productive because you're
going to prove to yourself that you're
super productive. I'm just telling you
that's what'll happen. You can also, by
the way, do this with your team. If
you're like, I have a key man risk over
here. This person is super valuable to
the business. I have to have less
dependency on this person. You walk
through this process. So you do a time
study, then you get the list of stuff.
Great. Now we have this list and we can
break it down to its component parts.
This is the kind of list of everything,
right? And what we want to do is we want
to start building little processes or in
installing people. So it's either a
project, a process or a person that's
going to installed in each of these
little slots next to it. So you have all
the list of things and then you have all
the people or process or project. Okay?
So project is a onetime thing which
sometimes creates a process or you have
a person does this thing on a continuous
basis and you probably have people on
your team who are underutilized. Some of
these slots you can just be like I think
Angela can do this. I think Tommy can do
this and you can start slotting them.
Then you'll have your red, yellow,
green. And so my green is I can give
this to somebody. So I'm going to look
at my team, teach them how to do it.
They get this. My yellow is there's a
one-time project or process that I have
to install here, but I can do it and I
know how to do it. The red is where it's
something that I either don't know how
to do or there's a person that I know I
need to have, but I don't have. And so I
solve these in green to reds because the
greens you can get out quickly. The
yellows is the next level that you can
do with a little bit more time. And then
the reds is like once I've done my
greens and yellows I can move on. Now
the way to think through this is in
addition to this list is like okay these
are the things I'm doing there's also
the decisions are deciding on right and
so as this time of documentation comes
up we want to start saying if this then
that these are rules of behavior right
they're decision trees for common
scenarios and I'll give you an example
so prestige labs was the first physical
products business that I started
supplement company and I remember the
manager of the support team saying it's
really hard to get new people on. And of
course, I like lost my I was less
patient than I am now and less polite.
And I was like, "How hard could this
be?" I was like, "Change my address,
change my card, change my flavor, change
my billing cadence." I was like,
"Cancel, refund.
What else do we have here?" Right? And
when I said it like that, you know,
Leila pinged me and was like, "Don't be
rude to people. They're trying to win
and you are making it look really bad
and don't do that." So, I will tell you
the story because that's what happened.
But fundamentally it's just if this then
that. Somebody will come in and say I
would like to change my card. This is
how you change your card. Someone will
say I would like to change my flavor.
This is how you change the flavor. I
would like to change my billing cadence
from once a month to every two month.
This is how you change the billing. It's
just if this then that. The more complex
the roles, the more one-off the
scenario. The more duplicatable the job,
the more people you have in a specific
department or function, typically the
more standardized the questions become.
All right. And so once we have that,
then we can say, "All right, there are
all these questions that come in. Some
of these questions require approval.
Okay, somebody has a bad night's stay at
our hotel. How much money do I normally
give them in credit or do I give them a
gift card to our restaurant or something
like that?" Well, we decide that under
$500 or under $1,000, under $10,000,
depends on the size of your company,
under $100,000 sometimes, this person
can act independently without your
supervision. Now, of course, you still
have financials and at the end of the
month something looks out of whack, you
can go check it out. Now, underneath of
that,
this is where having kind of clear
scorecards and KPIs around these things
help because if we're going to unlock
some sort of decision tree, we want to
also make sure that it's unlocking some
sort of value. And so, I'll give you a
really powerful frame that you can talk
to anybody in the business with. You can
say, how do you in your role make the
company money? It sounds like a very
simple question like we should people
should be able to know how the business
works especially as it relates to their
job. If you ask this to your team today
many of them will not know the answer to
that question and that will frighten
you. But fundamentally like some of them
are easy sales people come in and I get
them to give us money and if they give
us money we make more money. Right? That
makes sense. Great job. Okay. But then
you have some ancillary roles like what
does finance say? What does tech say?
What does media say? What does market?
So, of course, marketing is something
that generates money. But you don't do
marketing. What do you do? I hold the
camera. Okay. So, then what ways do you
make us money? Not the marketing
function. This is where it gets more
interesting. So, if I had this camera
person and he he or she, right, slow
down. He or she holds the camera. I say,
"All right, what does bad camera work
do?" Well, bad camera work would be a
waste of time, right, of the entire
team. Number two, the media would
perform not as well because it would be
offc center or, you know, it would just
the the lighting would be off, whatever
the hell, right? On top of that, I mean,
we'd waste the footage. We probably have
equipment that would be ill-fitted. We
wouldn't save the stuff that we'd have.
All the things are are huge cost
centers. And so, you can reverse each of
these kind of potential mistakes into
these are the things that we have to
make. What percentage of the time was
everything saved correctly? Was it named
correctly in the system? Saved to the
correct drive, timestamped
appropriately, the lighting and/or
camera was set up correctly, and it was
on time so we could start at the time we
said we're going to. If that's 100% of
the time, it's like, dude, you're making
us money, and here's how. And I think
that when people have the understanding
of how what they do relates to how the
company makes money, it gives more
meaning to like what impact. People are
like, I wish I had more impact. Like if
you have a job in a company, you have an
impact. You probably just don't know
what the impact is. And so decide and
explaining that to somebody I think is
is a very big unlock because they see
the value that their role provides in
the overall work. All right. Now before
you have this because again we're trying
to replace ourselves here. We have our
little scorecard. We have our KPIs.
Let's say you were the camera guy.
Right. The next thing is we have to have
some sort of test to graduate the person
which is can someone 80% as you get 100%
of the result. And the key learning that
I had this is a belief that I had to
have broken was that number one no one's
going to ever be able to do it as as
well as you. Not true. No one's going to
be able to do it as well as you with,
you know, onetenth of the work, with
onetenth of the practice or reps. But
every human is replaceable in my
opinion. And we know that because humans
have replaced all humans since the
beginning of time. But we can know that
on a shorter time horizon, if they only
learned all the things that you learned
the right way without learning all the
bad mistakes, they might be able to get
to 50% as good as you right off the bat.
And so a belief that I would like to
switch for you, I'll give you two.
Number one is if I can do it right with
part of my time, someone else can do it
better with all of their time. Real
quick, check this out. So, if you aren't
sure what strategic competitive
advantage you should be doubling down
on, um I'd love to invite you out to one
of our scaling workshops uh that we have
here in Vegas at our headquarters and my
team can actually work with you on it.
But before you do that, you can download
our free $100 million scaling roadmap um
where you can plug in information and it
will give you basically your step where
you're at in the scaling process and
ultimately give you the things you can
help get to the next level. But like I
said, if you want help from my team, you
can book a call after you download this.
It's free and we'd love to uh see if we
can help you out. Okay, here was the
second belief I just remembered, which
is you can outwork anyone in your
business. You will not be able to
outwork everyone. And this is something
that it took me too long to learn. I
kept I mean you can imagine me I pride
myself in my work ethic. I can outwork
everyone. And so the longer it took me
to realize that the longer it limited my
ability to grow. I can do a mountain of
work but I can't do Mount Everest. That
requires more hands and more shovels.
Which brings us to number two. So you
want to start trading doing for managing
and leading. So here's the simple math
behind this. Like there's actual math
here which is let's say you swap 200
hours a month. So you know roughly 50
hours a week of work for doing 20 hours
of managing. So now you go from 50 to
five. So you have a 10x improvement in
leverage and you replace yourself again
by hiring a manager the next time and
then you trade the four hours for 1
hour. Right? And so this is basically
how leverage occurs through labor,
right? is that you have to turn your
effort into an organization that
produces without you, right? And so
employees or AI in the future, right?
Make a fully functioning enterprise that
can continue to scale. And that's kind
of my my litmus test is the baseline is
does it burn down without me. For many
of you, if you just get to here, you'd
love your business 10 times more. Like I
can actually leave for a month and come
back and it didn't burn down. Thank god,
right? But where it gets really nasty
and really exciting is where you can
leave for a month and when you come back
it's in a better position than it was
when you left. That is a business that
people want to buy because what it
functions as is essentially a faster
growing annuity for an investor which
gives them a big multiple which is why
they pay you lots of money for it. So
let's walk through what this actually
looks like. There's kind of three steps
to it. So you'll shadow train. So this
is where they watch you do it. The next
is you supervise them doing it. So they
do it in front of you. So you do it in
front of them, they do it in front of
you and then after that you kind of just
support their independence and you're
available but not involved. So it's like
I'm fully available, you can hit me up
whenever you need anything. And then
what happens is in the beginning there
require a little bit more ad hoc calls,
consults, help. And then over time if
you have a competent employee, those
decisions get automated back down to
them, right? And so that's when the full
handoff occurs is that they own it
completely. And again, initially I'm
cool with 80% sometimes 60% as good as
long as I have a clear path to them
getting better. And I'll give you a
little pro tip. I used to measure
employees by how well they started. I
measure employees today on how fast they
improve. Because if you look at two
employees, right? Let's say somebody
starts here and someone starts here. If
this person's flat and this person's
like this, I know that in 3 months, six
months, this guy's going to pass this
guy. But then what happens another 6
months, right? And so sometimes it's
worth taking someone who's a little bit
less experienced or has fewer inherent
skills because they don't have as much
time because they're able to learn
faster. And like so intelligence I
measure as rate of learning. And so I
will rather have a more intelligent
employee who learns faster than a more
experienced employee who learns slower.
Just something that I've learned. And it
depends on the role obviously, but I
would say that I've had a big shift in
terms of how I think about talent. Now
the goal here is that we want to move
from doing the work. This is the big
picture of point 2. Move from doing the
work to managing people. Right? We focus
on recruiting a players not doing a
player work. We focus on the business
aka strategy prioritization not on the
tactics of what we need to do next or
what we need to do today. And so your
job becomes attracting talent and
aligning incentives. And so the ultimate
test for you is can you take three
months off and have the business grow
anyways? Like this is the easiest
especially for those you are brick and
mortar. This is super important. If
you're brick and mortar, a lot of you
guys want to get my second location,
want to get your third location. This is
the simplest LMA test. If you can leave
it alone, like your phone doesn't ring,
and I'll tell you how to do that in a
second, right? I call it the phone test.
I'll tell you later. But 3 months later,
it's bigger. Great. It's the same. We
have to figure out a way to get it to be
able to grow. Unless you're in a super
cap market where there's no way it can
grow, fine. But the vast majority of
businesses can improve, can grow year
over year over year if you have a good
business. And if it's flat, the thing is
is that you still have some sort of
magic over here. As soon as the eye of
Sauron moves, sometimes if it's flat,
it's going to go down. Now all of a
sudden you've got double the liability,
double the debt, double the overhead,
half the talent because it's spread, and
now you have more risk and less profit.
No bueno. So this is why it's so
important. You're like, man, that's
never going to happen. It's like right
that that's why a lot of people
shouldn't have second locations for much
longer than they think. It's why
overexpansion is one of the number one
reason people go out of business. So
you're like okay how do I find these
types of a a a players right is we want
to look for people who describe their
role in metrics in as much detail as
humanly possible. Right? So I can
measure someone's skill in any endeavor
based on the quality and the quantity of
metrics they track. And I'll tell you
I'll tell you the first time like a
great example of this. So, the first
time I hired a really good HR
professional, and I've had plenty of
them in my history, but the first time I
hired a good one, she asked me questions
on the interview. She was like, "So,
what's your cost of acquiring talent?"
And I was like, "I don't know. That's a
good question. I should know that." She
was like, "What's your time to fill?"
And I was like, "Wow, I didn't I didn't
really think about it." She's like,
"Okay, what's your two-way fit in terms
of what percentage of 90 days later do
both the employee and the manager say
that it's a 10 out of 10 fit?" And I was
like, "Don't know." And so she starts
giving me all these different metrics
for for the talent side of the business
that I had no idea about. I was kind of
in the internet marketer world of oh if
I have a low refund rate therefore my
product is good. It's kind of like I had
that on the talent side where I was like
oh which by the way that is not how you
know you have a good product. Just FYI.
I was on the talent equivalent of that
of like well you know I mean we haven't
had any lawsuits lately. It's like duh
you think that's probably not a good way
to know if you have a good culture or
good team or a good talent management
process. And so again, the quality and
quantity of metrics. Now, this
particular HR professional was a leader
in turnarounds. And so, she knew all
these different metrics and then
obviously I learned all those things
from her and then discarded her. I'm
kidding. But I learned those skills so I
could apply them. And fundamentally,
that's I I try to find people who can
teach me things because that's like the
best thing in the world. It's like you
pay someone to say, "Hey, you know way
more than me. Go do that in here." When
you're starting out though, it's hard to
afford those people because those people
don't want to work for you or you can't
afford them or both. Right now, I'll
give you a couple a couple rules of
thumb that that also took me too long to
figure out is that number one, interview
more people than you think you should.
And I know how costly this is as a
business owner. So, you want to stack as
many as you can. Also, I highly
encourage group interviews pretty high
up once you get into director and
executive. It's tough, but like anything
that's like frontline to maybe even
manager. You can have group interviews
because it'll save you time and you'll
very quickly be able to to read people's
vibes. And so the idea here is that I'll
tell you I'll tell you a story for
school. Sam interviewed 600
developers. 600
developers to find our co-founder Daniel
the CTO.
600.
So think about one, two, three, four,
five. Okay, so that's just me naming
numbers. That felt like it took a long
time. Now imagine each of those
represented a 30 to 60 minute
conversation and then imagine that
that's over a year of those
conversations. It is brutal. But when
you do that, what happens is you start
to get a lot of nuance of who's good and
who's not. When you talk to 10 people
who say that they are a sales manager,
you're going to get a way better idea
than when you talk to one of who's
actually legit. When you talk to your
50th person, you already know who's got
game. And so what happens is it starts
to tune your picker because
fundamentally the reason I think we've
been able to grow businesses faster and
faster and faster with each each next
company that we start is because pattern
recognition becomes one of your biggest
assets. So like some people call this
wisdom or whatever you want to call it,
but fundamentally it's just that I've
had a good sales manager. They looked
like this. You look like that person.
Therefore you have a higher likelihood
of working out in this role. But to
figure out which sales manager was good,
I had to hire five different sales
managers and waste six months or a year
on each one of these. But Fry finally
found somebody who was good. So that's
the thing is that if you look at every
role in the business, and again, this
goes from the ground up. So a frontline
support rep, a frontline sales rep, a
frontline media editor, whatever. And
then all of a sudden it's like, okay,
those start to work. And then your
business starts to grow. And then you're
like, I've never hired my first level of
management. So you got to figure out
what a good sales manager, a good media
manager, a good all these roles. And
then after that, you're like, okay, well
that starts to grow. Now I've got my
director level. And so each of these
levels, you keep putting these people in
until eventually you know what it looks
like when it's right across an entire
org. And so what happens is when you
start really building businesses, you're
not actually building the business. It
feels much more like assembling the
people who then build the business.
Which leads us naturally into the third
of our little buckets of what do you do
to remove key man risk? And I'll give
you one more little tip. When you're
doing all those interviews, if you
aren't learning from the person,
especially if it's in a leadership role
or above, waste of time. If you're not
learning from them, then it means that
you're gonna have to teach them, which
means that not only do this person like
it means that you're gonna have a
increased like your life's going to get
worse before it gets better, which
sometimes it's required, but at a
leadership role and above, that person
should be teaching you. And so there's
no point in you trying to go in and
train them. They should be like, "This
is what we need to do for our financial
function." You're like, "Great, love
that for us. Go do that." Right? Okay.
Brings me to the third point, which is
you want to remove yourself from
marketing. Now marketing is a larger
term but fundamentally it's acquisition
right if the business relies on you to
get customers which is very common in
founder companies like you're the bread
winner you're the promoter you're the
one who brings the business in this is
one of the biggest risk factors in
business because this is why you can't
leave and when you do leave the revenue
goes down and it's very scary because
everything relies on you and what's
tough is that it feels good in the short
term to have everyone rely on you right
it feeds your ego it makes you feel
important because you're like I'm in I'm
irreplaceable I'm a special snowflake I
am a unique human being with unique
skills and therefore I am important. But
the idea is that you actually in order
to make an important business,
you need to become less important.
Like if you want to help more people,
you can't help more people.
And so for me, obviously, like I've had
plenty of businesses that were face
driven, but if your face gets the
customers, you are the key man. And so
this is kind of the three-step simple
way of kind of getting out of this.
Well, easier said than done, but
fundamentally this is what we do. There
are seven different ways that you can
install systems into the business to
capture media and marketing on your
behalf without it having kind of quote
direct to camera founder ads. Okay? So,
I'll give you a couple of them. So, one
of them is that you probably have some
sort of place where your customers
gather, right? Maybe it's an online
community like a school or whatever. In
those communities, you should have a
standard process weekly where you
screenshot people saying nice things
about you. Then all of a sudden, all
those screenshots become ads that get
pushed to you every single week. The
next thing is having incentives for
customers to leave testimonials. So you
could have things that are unlockable.
You can have certain amount of credit.
You can have tiers of service you can
give them trials to, which by the way is
a double whammy. So you give someone a
trial of a higher level of service if
they provide a testimonial. It allows
you to ascend customers who love your
stuff and get more marketing. Bingo
bingo. The next one is something I call
life cycle ads which basically you
probably already have functions in the
business that already occur which is you
probably record your sales calls
hopefully you record your onboarding
calls for you know a new customer you
record delivery checkpoints and maybe if
they have a good experience you would
record some sort of testimonial from
them great now the thing is is that
means that all of this stuff already
exists within your business and so when
you have a testimonial and someone says
I did these guys are great you just say
cool we're going to look back through
our CRM look back through our scheduling
and pull the recordings from their sales
call to their onboarding to each of
their touch points and then what happens
you can compress that into a timeline
that also becomes another advertisement
pretty sweet because instead of saying I
was here and now I'm here show them here
of them actually being scared being not
sure hesitating before signing up and
then all of a sudden getting this
amazing outcome. The next thing you
probably already do is you have some
sort of key moments of client
deliverable. Whether that's like you do
a ribbon cutting or you do a reveal of
their new kitchen or they get on the
scale if they're losing weight or
there's obviously with businesses
there's revenue or there's monthly
financials or whatever. There's always
moments where something can happen that
is has emotive, right? Emotive as in
emotional. And so what we want to do is
just put a a process in place where we
can incentivize the person, document
that moment to then create more cloud
for us. And so hopefully you're getting
getting an idea here. Like another
process you can put in place is that
your customer support if you have a
customer support line is that you can
pay a customer support person five bucks
for every person that they get like a
mini testimonial in chat format from.
Right? You resolve something. Oh my god,
these guys are amazing. I love this
product. It's fantastic. I highly re
recommend anybody. Great. Screenshot
that. Right? And I'll give you five
bucks for every one of them to do. I'll
give you another one. All of you guys
have Google reviews, Yelp reviews, Trust
Advisor reviews, Amazon reviews. It
depends on where your product sits, but
like you probably have some place where
people have reviewed you, right? And
think here's what's crazy. You probably
have hundreds, not like one or two. You
probably have hundreds of like local
businesses have a few hundred reviews.
It's not like uncommon to have that.
What's crazy is that those reviews
rarely get made into marketing.
Why? Now, here's an even crazier one.
You can take the hilarious one stars and
take a page out of Liquid Death's
marketing book and just say like, "Hey,
if you were one of these people, you
won't like our stuff. And if it's if it
if it clearly casts out the wrong type
of person, it will pull in the right
type." And it's also hilarious
marketing. And so, I think I just gave
you six or seven different processes
that you can install in a business that
all get ads and marketing to come to
you. If you wanted to go even further,
you could build an affiliate program
out. You could use Tik Tok shop and sell
widget and then whitelist those ads in
the modern era and use those as your
marketing. Right? All of these are
things that you can do to remove your
face from your market. So the next thing
that we think through is stress testing
this. And so if we're zooming all the
way out, we put our big list together.
We red, yellow, greened it. We then
created a decision tree. We created a
box around how much money they're able
to make decisions on. We have our
scorecard. We test them to make sure
that they actually pass the KPI. That's
step one. The step after that that we
did is okay. Well, now we need to
increase the amount of people in the
business for all those reds. So, we have
to interview more people. We have to
look for people who have higher skills.
We have to be willing to get taught by
these people, which is, by the way, the
cheapest learning you can do is get
people who are way out of your league to
teach you about the role. And you learn
a ton in the process of also finding
great talent. Ask those people how what
they do turns into revenue for the
business. And then finally actually take
your 90 days off. And something will
break, but you continue this process
until eventually nothing breaks. And
then once nothing breaks, you actually
have a business that can run without